Docs: Update Contributing Files (#1311)
longturn/freeciv21: docs/Contributing/dev-env.rst

#. Open Kdevelop
#. :menuselection:`Project --> Open/Import Project`
#. Find :file:`freeciv21/CMakeLists.txt`
#. :menuselection:`Session --> Rename Current Session` to Freeciv21

> #. Allow kdevelop to parse all of the code -- this can take awhile. Evenually you will see a full tree of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Allow kdevelop to parse all of the code -- this can take a while. Eventually you will see a full tree of
```
